== README

Setup Instructions:

1. Fork and clone this repo locally
2. From the command line, run bundle install
3. Run rake db:create
4. Run rake db:migrate
5. Run rails s
6. Open the app, and create a new user
7. Once an initial user is in the database, run rake db:seed
8. Refresh the app

Link to ERD:

https://www.lucidchart.com/invitations/accept/db63fccf-8597-497d-a0e6-fed2103023dd

User Stories:

A user should be able to create an account, log into their account, have their account remember all of their tournaments and games, and log out of their account when done.

A user should only be able to access their account when logged in.

The user should be able to browse through tournaments that they have played in recently on the left-hand column of the page.

When a tournament is selected, the left-hand column should display all of the user's games from that tournament without the page reloading.

When one of the games is selected, it should appear on the chessboard, available for the user to scroll through and view the moves, as well as viewing the game pgn and other relevant details.

When a player leaves a game to look at another and then returns to that game, it should remain on the position where the user left it.

A player should have the option to enter new tournaments from the tournaments index.

A player should be able to make a series of moves on the chessboard, which the application will remember and can store as a new game in the database asynchronously.

If time permits:

A player should be able to see their current national rating, as pulled from the USCF website.

A player should have the option to pull tournament data directly from the USCF website to their app each time they take place in a new nationally rated tournament.
